#summary Text Formatting
= Text Formatting =

To change text which is copied to clipboard, currently you have to manually edit database.

=== How to edit database ===

Read the article on [HowToEditDatabase how to edit database settings].

You will want to add the the string setting with the following name:
   * !FormatCopy -- to format text which is copied to clipboard on "Copy" command
   * !FormatCopyText -- to format text which is copied to clipboard on "Copy Text" command
   * !FormatReplyQuoted -- to format text which is copied to {{{*}}}srmm message area on "Reply Quoted" command
   * !FormatReplyQuotedText -- to format selected text which is copied to {{{*}}}srmm message area on "Reply Quoted" command 
   * !FormatSelection -- to format selected messages or text via external log API query

=== Default format settings ===

Default format settings as of 01 Jan 2007:

 * !FormatCopy: _{{{%nick%, %smart_datetime%:\n%mes%\n}}}_
 * !FormatCopyText: _{{{%mes%\n}}}_
 * !FormatReplyQuoted: _{{{%nick%, %smart_datetime%:\n%quot_mes%\n}}}_
 * !FormatReplyQuotedText: _{{{%quot_selmes%\n}}}_
 * !FormatSelection: _{{{%selmes%\n}}}_

Additionally, you can look at the source for default formats. Look in [http://code.google.com/p/historypp/source/browse/historypp/trunk/plugin/hpp_options.pas#93 hpp_options.pas], search for DEFFORMAT_CLIPCOPY constants.

To restore default format for particular setting, just delete it from database and restart miranda.

=== Formatting variables ===
 * {{{\n}}} -- new line
 * {{{\t}}} -- tab
 * {{{\\}}} -- backslash (if you need to output backslash, instead of "Me\You" write "Me\\You")
 * {{{\%}}} -- percent sign (if you need to output percent sign, instead of "Me%You" write "Me\%You")
 * {{{%nick%}}} -- default contact's nickname text
 * {{{%from_nick%}}} -- nick of the sender
 * {{{%to_nick%}}} -- nick of the reciever
 * {{{%mes%}}} -- plain message text
 * {{{%adj_mes%}}} -- message adjusted to fit in 72 symbols
 * {{{%quot_mes%}}} -- the same as {{{%adj_mes%}}}, but every line is prefixed with "> " 
 * {{{%selmes%}}} -- the same as {{{%mes%}}} or selected text in pseudo-edit mode
 * {{{%adj_selmes%}}} -- the same as {{{%adj_mes%}}} or applied to selected text in pseudo-edit mode
 * {{{%quot_selmes%}}} -- the same as {{{%quot_mes%}}} or applied to selected text in pseudo-edit mode
 * {{{%datetime%}}} -- date and time of the event
 * {{{%smart_datetime%}}} -- works for only for several messages. Outputs full date & time only for messages with unique date. For other events outputs only time.
 * {{{%date%}}} -- date of the event
 * {{{%time%}}} -- time of the event

=== Single event examples ===

Event:

_!SomeContact, 21.01.2006 18:34_
<BR>
_Hello, how are you? I haven't seen you for a long time. I've got fantastic new gadget I want to tell you about. Please, drop me a line._

Format: _{{{%nick% - [%datetime%]:\n%mes%}}}_
{{{
SomeContact - [21.01.2006 18:34]:
Hello, how are you? I haven't seen you for a long time. I've got fantastic new gadget I want to tell you about. Please, drop me a line.
}}}

Format: _{{{%nick%, %time%\n%quot_mes%}}}_
{{{
SomeContact, 18:34
> Hello, how are you? I haven't seen you for a long time. I've got fantastic 
> new gadget I want to tell you about. Please, drop me a line.
}}}

=== Multiple events examples ===

Events:

_Mario, 21.01.2006 18:34: Hi!_
<BR>
_You, 21.01.2006 18:35: Hi!_
<BR>
_Mario, 21.01.2006 18:36: Bye then_
<BR>
_You, 22.01.2006 12:11: Hi again! Where have you been?_
<BR>
_Mario, 22.01.2006 12:12: Oh, don't ask_

Format: _{{{%nick%, %smart_datetime%: %quot_mes%}}}_
{{{
Mario, 21.01.2006 18:34: > Hi!
You, 18:35: > Hi!
Mario, 18:36: > Bye then
You, 22.01.2006 12:11: > Hi again! Where have you been?
Mario, 12:12: > Oh, don't ask
}}}

Format: _{{{%from_nick%\\%to_nick% [%smart_datetime%]: %mes%\n-----\n}}}_
{{{
Mario\You [21.01.2006 18:34]: Hi!
-----
You\Mario [18:35]: Hi!
-----
Mario\You [18:36]: Bye then
-----
You\Mario [22.01.2006 12:11]: Hi again! Where have you been?
-----
Mario\You [12:12]: Oh, don't ask
-----
}}}

Format: _{{{%nick%\t[%time%]\t%mes%}}}_
{{{
Mario	[18:34]	Hi!
You	[18:35]	Hi!
Mario	[18:36]	Bye then
You	[12:11]	Hi again! Where have you been?
Mario	[12:12]	Oh, don't ask
}}}
