#summary Welcome to History++ plugin for Miranda IM
= Welcome to History++ plugin for Miranda IM =
=== Getting started ===
Have a question? [wiki:FrequentlyAskedQuestions Read the FAQ].
<BR>
Want an older version? Take a look in the [wiki:OlderVersions older versions archive].
<BR>
Need more control? Browse the list of our [wiki:AdditionalOptions hidden options].
<BR>
Visually impaired? Read [wiki:Accessibility accessibility section].

[wiki:Download Download the plugin]

See [/p/historypp/issues/list?can=2 all active tickets]

=== About the plugin ===

History++ is a very capable and fast history plugin for [http://www.miranda-im.org Miranda IM] client. It boasts:
 * Advanced contact's history with 
   * Find-as-you-type
   * Customizible styles
   * Instant filtering
   * Export to html, xml, txt
   * View all conversations with the contact in separate tree
 * Very fast history search within all your contacts
 * Full unicode support. No need for additional files or different plugin versions. It just works!
 * It's *fast*! History++ is developed with speed in mind.
 * It's *easy*! Despite having many features, we care much about interface simplicity and user satisfaction.
 * Many other things I can't think of now.

You can see project changes in [/p/historypp/source/list Source Changes] page<BR>
File a new bug or enchancement with [/p/historypp/issues/entry New Issue]

Enjoy your visit!<BR>
_The History++ Team_<BR>
IRC channel on irc.rusnet.ru [irc://irc.rusnet.ru:6669/mirandaim #mirandaim]